chore: clarify introduction (#875)
asyncapi/spec: spec/asyncapi.md

The AsyncAPI Specification defines a set of files required to describe the API of an [application](#definitionsApplication).
These files can be used to create utilities, such as documentation, code, integration, or testing tools.

The file(s) MUST describe the operations an [application](#definitionsApplication) performs. For instance, consider the following AsyncAPI definition snippet:

```yaml
channels:
  userSignedUp:
    # ...(redacted for brevity)
operations:
  onUserSignedUp:
    action: receive
    channel:
      $ref: "#/channels/userSignedUp"
```

It means that the [application](#definitionsApplication) will subscribe to the `userSignedUp` [channel](#definitionsChannel) to receive messages.

**The AsyncAPI specification does not assume any kind of software topology, architecture or pattern.** Therefore, a server MAY be a message broker, a web server or any other kind of computer program capable of sending and/or receiving data. However, AsyncAPI offers a mechanism called "bindings" that aims to help with more specific information about the protocol.

> It's NOT RECOMMENDED to derive a consumer AsyncAPI document from a producer one or viceversa. There are no guarantees that the channel used by an application to receive messages will be the same channel where another application is sending them. Also, certain fields in the document like `summary`, `description`, and the id of the operation might stop making sense. For instance, given the following consumer snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's NOT RECOMMENDED to derive a consumer AsyncAPI document from a producer one or vice versa. There are no guarantees that the channel used by an application to receive messages will be the same channel where another application is sending them. Also, certain fields in the document like `summary`, `description`, and the id of the operation might stop making sense. For instance, given the following consumer snippet:
```

Author: You guys write it separately? In Spanish, it's a single word 😅

> It's NOT RECOMMENDED to derive a consumer AsyncAPI document from a producer one or vice versa. There are no guarantees that the channel used by an application to receive messages will be the same channel where another application is sending them. Also, certain fields in the document like `summary`, `description`, and the id of the operation might stop making sense. For instance, given the following consumer snippet:

Reviewer 2: `to derive a consumer AsyncAPI document from a producer one or vice versa` - this is the only sentence I'm not a fan of. 

In previous sentences, there is no concept of `consumer AsyncAPI document` and `producer AsyncAPI document` introduced. I know what you mean but I don't think this sentence explains it.

shouldn't we try to be more descriptive? that if AsyncAPI document describes API behaviour from API perspective, then it is not possible to use the same document to explain what AsyncAPI does from API user perspective?

or maybe we should even base it directly on code generation example?

Author: What about linking to the definitions of consumer and producer?

```suggestion
It's NOT RECOMMENDED to derive a [consumer](#definitionsApplication) AsyncAPI document from a [producer](#definitionsApplication) one or vice versa. There are no guarantees that the channel used by an application to receive messages will be the same channel where another application is sending them. Also, certain fields in the document like `summary`, `description`, and the id of the operation might stop making sense. For instance, given the following consumer snippet:
```

Author: What do you think @derberg?

Reviewer 2: LGTM

Reviewer 2: oh wait, shouldn't links point to `definitionsProducer` and `definitionsConsumer`?

Author: Yup, you're right. Fixed it 👍

Author: @derberg please approve if you think it's good now.
